🚚 Rename documentation to opentdf (#11)
opentdf/.github: profile/README.md

## Getting started

To quickly set up your own local OpenTDF cluster, refer to
[our quickstart guide](https://github.com/opentdf/opentdf/tree/main/quickstart).

## Repositories of Note

> * Guides and Samples

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* OpenTDF 
```

>   * [opentdf](https://github.com/opentdf/opentdf): Introduction to OpenTDF, our implementation of it, examples, and instructions of how to get going and how these all fit together in your projects

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * [opentdf](https://github.com/opentdf/opentdf): Introduction to OpenTDF, Quickstart, example applications, and documentation. Start here! 
```
